How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
i saw the changes between the files and was then able to easily see what change was causing the problem.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
when we have access to history of a file we know that even if we make changes to that file many times 
and something goes wrong we can revert back to previous versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
Every commit should have a logical change. when we do it manually we know what changes we are commiting
to. Automatically saving doesn't guarantee us a meaningfull commit .


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
when we write code for an application it is likely to affect other files present in repository.
therefore definitely we want history of those files too. But in google docs version control system
it is designed to handle a single file change and therefore we manually have to check the changes in
different filesl

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
git log gives a list of commits in a repository which contains commit id , message, time etc related to 
that commit. using commmit id we can use git diff to find out the difference among files between those
two commits.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
version control makes it possible to check working of previous versions. Now if we want introduce a 
few changes like adding a feature then even if we mess up the code we know that we can always 
revert back to previously bug free version so it gives us that freedom.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
I want to to use it for keeping track of my progress for an application by storing older versions of 
it and so that it will help me in checking bugs that may have been introduced in an updation of the 
application.